D3 and K2 are good for your bones as you
can see by my white complexion it's
sometimes pretty difficult for me to get
vitamin D from the Sun without burning
but it's necessary because one of the
things it does is it puts calcium into
your blood and then vitamin K2 tells
that calcium where it should go that
means healthy bones and here's a fun one
basuelas Serrata but I call it BS but
make no mistake BS can reduce
inflammation in most cases and since
stretching also has anti-inflammatory
properties I'm hoping for a bit of a
double whammy this is quadrangularis has
since Titan Memorial been used to treat
pain menstrual cramps and even heal
broken bones keep in mind a lot of these
studies were done on mice but there's
enough promising human trials for me to
put it in flexi joints and hyaluronic
acid which kind of sounds dangerous but
it increases the thickness of your
synovial fluid which may in turn make
joints less painful and a little bit
more mobile I forgot there's also MSM
which helps make collagen in your body
flexi joints is a supplement so
supplement it with activity remember
motion is lotion for your joints
launching this Thursday stay flexing